Overall Focus: 
Overrides (fill in first, then adjust from there)
Backup times (only use if nothing else exists, can be tricky with splits)
Mandatory split? (if it is mandatory, bail if no data found)
Create a DurationTextField / LocalTimeTextField that "does the right thing"
Create a DurationCell (or whatever) for inline edits of durations)






Overall:
Upgrade H2 
Upgrade Hibernate to 5.x
Fix FXML layout resizing checks
Add License Key enforcement
Add 'About' page w/ links to the following items:
--gliphicons
--h2 db
--hibernate
--AlphanumericComparator 
--flyaway
--DataFX
--ControlsFX 

Logging 
  --no more System.out.println
  --switch to log4j or something else
  --enable debug output log viewing
  --enable saving debug output log to file
  --enable toggle to set debug level to Normal/Debug/Trace
Internationalization? (Spanish, English, French, German, British, US, etc)



Races:
Default start time to 8am? 
Don't permit blank start time or handle it better (i.e., banner warning)
Don't permit blank wave start times / default to race start time or 1st wave start time
Watch TimingLocation list and show if more than the default
Fix table size for splits and waves
DONE -- Add Races
DONE -- If only one race, race name = event name (hide the race name)
DONE -- Specify Distance for race
DONE -- Specify an optional cutoff time for the race
DONE -- Calculate the pace needed to make the cutoff 
DONE -- Setup wave starts (assigned by bib for now, AG/Other later) with a minimum of 1 per race
DONE -- Setup wave <-> participant map
DONE -- Setup split locations
DONE -- Split -> timing location map
DONE -- Setup start waves
DONE -- Update split distance units when main race unit is updated
Auto Sort splits by order number
Setup AG's
Setup Award Depth 
Metadata for split locations (distance, min time, max time, cutoffs, estimated % of total time)
Ability to set min/max speeds for a segment
Ability to drag/drop splits
protect start/finish split from removal
auto-update finish split distance
allow for zero distance splits (transition)

Cumulative vs differential distance for splits specification?
Ability to override the pace display for a segment: m/s, m/h, k/h, s/100y, s/100m) 
Ability to set split specific distance unit
Ability to create segment "groups" (swim, bike, run)? 
Optional alternate date for the race, otherwise inherit the event date. (? Multi-Day relay races?)
Prevent removal of waves that have assigned participants
Prevent removal of races that have assigned participants
Prevent removal of Timing Locations that are mapped to splits (or cascade)
Prevent removal of start/finish split
Auto-update finish split distance/cutoff
Show bib range if there are multiple races and wave starts is not checked
Ability to Flag a race as a relay race

Participants:
DONE -- Switch wave attribute mapping to a "getWaveByID" type of system to avoid hibernate fetching hell
DONE -- Fix participants structure
DONE   -- store wave ID and not the wave
DONE   -- background task to read from db
  -- limit to one wave or multiple per checkbox on the event setup
  DONE: take over control of the ID so that it is set by us and not hibernate (set to uuid if not set on first get?)
  -- store the team id
  DONE: middle initial / name

  -- textfield auto complete for city/state 
  -- textfield for teams pre-populated / with auto complete

DONE -- Delete a row/rows via a context menu
DONE -- Select which columns to show (bib, first, last, age, city, race, etc)
DONE -- Alphanumeric sort of the bib numbers 
DONE -- Edit an existing entry
DONE -- Migrate to SimpleStringProperties for better TableView updates
DONE -- Set focus to the first field after adding/modifying an entry
DONE -- double click to edit a row
DONE -- swap bibs menu option if two and only two rows are selected
DONE -- Move the participantsList management into the ParticipantDAO
DONE -- import from csv
DONE -- ability to assign the runner to a wave of one or more races
DONE (I hope) --  Fix deadlock with mass write/delete
DONE -- Middle Name/Initial
Clean up import from csv (field formatting, etc)
export to csv
Validate csv file before continuing. 
Error check the fields (age, city, state, bib, etc). 
Prevent duplicate bib number assignment
DONE -- Wave(Race) Assignment 
DONE -- Automatic Wave (Race) Assignment based on bib #
Wave/Race assignment based on import field
Update/Add on enter from any valid field
Custom fields / attributes w/ data types (string, limited select, date, time)
Link to Team
Link to Relay Team? (or do we just set "Relay Team Race" as  a race attribute?)
Inline Edit of the cells?
Mass bib assignment 
Show race/wave as column
DONE -- Only store wave id and then programmatically do the linking rather than letting hibernate mess it up
sync from/to fusesport / active.com / runsignup / other

Relay Teams? Figure this one out!
? Relay team attribute set to the team name or team id?
? Same as regular teams? 
Auto-determine relay team category based on participants (male, female, coed, etc)
Allow team to cover multiple categories? (female + coed?)
Team category setup (gender, mixed gender, custom data field setting, etc)

Timing:
DONE: Setup bib -> chip map
Add intermediate dialog for bib -> chip setup
  -- show # of mappings
  -- clear option

Overrides 
  -- Set per bib/split/time
  -- merge first when processing a bib
  -- then use those to filter the times
  -- small window below timing locations on timing page

Ignore times option

Backup Times option
  -- keep processing if found, overwrite if a non-backup time is found. 

DONE: Make timestamp a Duration (vs a LocalDateTime) from the start of the day of the event

DONE: Raw vs cooked tables. 
DONE:   -- import to raw and save in db
DONE:   -- run any time shifts, cuts, chip -> bib map
DONE:   -- then insert into cooked and place into results queue
DONE:   -- reprocess raw if parameters for the timing location change
DONE:       -- time skew
            -- bib -> chip
DONE:       -- min/max times

DONE: Clear All Times Option
DONE: Clear all times for a given timing location Option
DONE: Clear all times for a given timing location reader option
Clear all times for the timing location input when the user selects a new reader
Clear all times for a location when the location is deleted
Backup flag for a given reader at a split
DONE: Multiple readers per timing location
DONE: Import times from file
DONE: Discard duplicates
Option to assign any time to the race/wave start time via right mouse click
OBE: Use rawTimeDataQueue to batch process adding new raw times to the db

DONE: Continually import times from file (tail in a separate task) to a timing point
DONE: Time shift (+/- a fixed offset to adjust for clock errors on the timing box) 
DONE: Show most recent data read for a reader / timing location
Search dropdown to show only a single timing location in the TableView


RFID Direct:
    --Continually import times from box (via tcp in a separate task) to a timing point
    --Rewind option for times read from box/outreach
    --Chip sequence gap detection that triggers an automatic rewind for direct reads


Done: (for now) fix column widths


Add/delete fixed times (overrides) 
    -- small tableview under timing locations?

Results:
DONE: Background thread to watch the resultsQueue<Bib String> for new bibs to process
DONE: Read list of cooked times from cookedTimeBibMap<String,CookedTimeData>
DONE:     --Line up with splits for that runner's race
DONE:     --process, place into results tables, shift/mask other results as warranted
     --Auto-assign time to split based on time vs other splits (and % time for that wave vs the finish time). 
Wire in a "min time to next split" option to replace hardcoded 10 minutes. 
Show results in filterable / sortable view
cleanup the spacing on the tableview, wider names.
Ability to show/hide splits on TableView 
Auto-Reprocess when a wave start time changes
Auto-Reprocess when times are deleted
Sort with blanks at the end, not front (new AlphanumericSorter)
Default the sorting to finish, finish - 1, finish -2, etc, etc)
Ability to select multiple and DQ, un-DQ them (with a note)
Show Gender/AG

Figure out how to deal with relay teams

Reports:
Calculate 
Basic text and html output
Mobile Friendly html output (sortable, searchable, etc)
Banner Text for the page
Auto FTP to a location every X minutes
Auto-print of text with each new page or after X number of runners
Hide/Show DQ's on results page (per person flag?)
Course Record noting

Publish to responsive / html 5 based web site
Publish to 3rd party results web site / XXXXX.com? 


Team Results
Male, Female, Coed, user selected variable (city, state, custom, etc)
scoring numbers per team (1->N)
for co-ed, number per team of each gender (1->(N-1))


Awards: 
Set depth per race
Set depth based on # registrants / finishers
Team based on top X scorers (specified per team category)
Award Depth options: Fixed depth, variable, top X % with a cap
Ordered list (overall, masters, AG) with per group option to pull winners from
downstream awards. (double dipping yes, no, maybe)
Team awards


Options tab:
SCP/FTP/Active.com/FuseSport Account info profiles
Gender Display (Men/Women, Male/Female, custom)

-------------------------------------
Series Manager (separate App?)
-------------------------------------
select events
Individual vs Team
Sync team info
Sync participant info for mismatch resolution

Awards based on whatever split from whatever races
  --i.e., Total from race A + race B + fastest from (race C OR race D split X)
